8 million light years
Where did you get so much money?
Hmm, I don't think he meant to
Ouyang, I know you are wholeheartedly against us
This is a swollen face and a fat man
You'll be embarrassed if you can't come up with the money in a while
Don't bother you
But your Bai family
Can't even afford 8 million?
Who says we can't get the money?
8.10 million 10 million
10 million look at this sentence is too lost babysitter
The words of Master Dawn
10 million is already very cheap
And the Away Project is worth a billion dollars.
What is a mere 10 million? Gao Yang is right
Since you always like this painting
It's about whether I can let you go
Give us some cooperation and fuck him
Humph
11 million
20 million
Are you going to fight us to the death?
Your Bai family can't even afford 20 million
Oh?
How to get out
21 million. 21 million a time.
21 million twice
21 million three times
It's a deal!
Fortunately, it was photographed by us
Suddenly robbed by that dead girl